# Weekly Changelog 3 (WC.3)
## Date: 08/07/2021
This week, I didn't work on the project as much. DFS searching has been very painful to debug. Topological sort has also been a pain. Finally, I've been working on independent research, which has also sucked up a lot of time.

Reversal is done and tested, at least.  And it seems DFS searching works again, at least for the directed graphs. I haven't tested topological sort or cycle finding yet.

The plan for the coming week is to continue testing DFS until I can confidently say that it works, as well as top sort and cycle finding. Only then can I implement finding SCC's. I'll also quickly get started on BFS soon.

Also, a quick note on cycle finding: I haven't implemented finding what cycles exist, only the decision version. I will put that on the roadmap to do later.

## Last week's todo

1. ~~Cycle finding~~, ~~topological sort algorithms~~, SCC's 
2. BFS 

## Todo

1. Thorough testing of: DFS, cycle finding, topological sorting
2. BFS
3. SCC finding

## Roadmap

A huge roadmap for sure, but most of these shouldn't take too long (last updated 08/07/2021)

New tasks since last week in bold (since WC.3).

* Graph operations
	- Merging
	- ~~Reversal~~
	- Minimization
* DFS derivatives
	- SCCs
	- [!] Topological sort
	- **Cycle finding**
* BFS
* Paths
	- Dijkstra
	- A-star
	- D-star
	- Bellman-ford
* Spanning Trees
	- Kruskal
	- Prim
* Misc
	- Coloring
	- Max clique
	- Max independent set
	- Max cut/min flow
	- Bipartite matching
	- Expander graphs
