# Weekly Changelog 5 (WC.5)
## Date: 24/07/2021

I forgot to write a changelog report on Thursday, so now I will take the opportunity to move changelog reports to every Saturday (maybe I'll move it again to Friday afternoons).

I did a lot of thinking last week and decided to sweep up and simplify much of the code. Now only one vertex class is used, with minimal functionality. There's an edge class that I'm using, but can totally change it into a `std::pair`. I also read up on memory management, so every vertex is now managed by `std::unique_ptr`. It actually pains me to use pointers instead of storing the vertices in the containers themselves, but if the containers are resized it makes it difficult to find the vertices.

Vertices do not manage their own edges now; instead, the edges are owned by the parent graph. The edges are stored in a plain `std::vector` instead of `std::unordered_map`, which pains me when I need to find an edge. I have tried to "optimize" it so that I don't need an `O(n)` call everytime I query an edge (did someone call premature optimization. 

Since the last week was mostly spent restructuring, once again not a lot of progress (whoops, it's been 3 weeks since I started saying this!). I need to restructure my search algorithms too, which will probably take a while. So this week's todo will be completely different.

## Last week's todo
I actually couldn't find a todo for last week (once again, oops).

## Todo

1. Testing all of `DirectedGraph`'s functions and memory model.
2. Testing all of `UndirectedGraph`'s functions and memory model.
3. Rewrite the entirety of `search.hpp`'s functions to be compatible with the new designs.

## Roadmap

A huge roadmap for sure, but most of these shouldn't take too long (last updated 08/07/2021)

New tasks since last week in bold (since WC.3).

* Graph operations
	- Merging
	- ~~Reversal~~
	- Minimization
* DFS derivatives
	- SCCs
	- [!] Topological sort
	- **Cycle finding**
* BFS
* Paths
	- Dijkstra
	- A-star
	- D-star
	- Bellman-ford
* Spanning Trees
	- Kruskal
	- Prim
* Misc
	- Coloring
	- Max clique
	- Max independent set
	- Max cut/min flow
	- Bipartite matching
	- Expander graphs
