# Weekly Changelog 1 (WC.1)
## Date: 24/06/2021

While there are no releases planned at the moment, there are several outstanding issues that need to be addressed.

First, how to represent graphs in C++. I will not look at how other libraries do it, since this is currently a hobby project, but it has been a headache as to how to handle the different graph projects. Here are a two models that I have considered:

### Model 1 - Separate classes
Each graph type has its own class. This is the current model I am going for. For instance, `GraphW` is a class for weighted, directed graphs. Of course, there is also the `Graph` superclass, but it does not do anything too significant other than define a set of methods required for other implementation.

Downside to this is the naming can be confusing. Also, I have to implement algorithms for each different type of graph, so lots of boilerplate. I don't know if that's avoidable for the other models though.

### Model 2 - Same class, use marker templates
This model would have one class, the `Graph` class. To mark it as directed you would use some marker template class like `firenoo::directed`, and conversely to mark it undirected you would use `firenoo::undirected`. As a result, you would get something like `Graph\<undirected, unweighted, simple\>`. I think this feels closer to the standard library, but to be honest it also feels super cumbersome.

There's the same boilerplate code issue here too, mostly stashed behind template specializations.


For now, I will use the first model. Hopefully, I don't accumulate too much debt from making this decision.

## Todo

1. Finish dfs implementations.
2. Template specializations for graphs (for now, implement ints and doubles).

## Roadmap

A huge roadmap for sure, but most of these shouldn't take too long.

* Graph operations
	- Merging
	- Reversal
	- Minimization
* DFS derivatives
	- SCCs
	- Topological sort
* BFS
* Paths
	- Dijkstra
	- A-star
	- D-star
	- Bellman-ford
	- Max cut/min flow
	- Bipartite matching
* Spanning Trees
	- Kruskal
	- Prim
* Misc
	- Coloring
	- Max clique
	- Max independent set
	- D
	- Expander graphs
