# Weekly Changelog 6 (WC.6)
## Date: 06/08/2021

Yikes! I forgot to write a weekly changelog again. I was busy doing other things that it slipped my mind. The last two weeks I've been learning how to use the Vim addon for VSCode, and fixing the search algorithms one by one. In fact, all of the search algorithms I wrote previously have been rewritten, and now I'm developing an algorithm for listing all cycles of a graph. I've also managed to test everything (99%) for `DirectedGraph` as well as the search functions rewritten so far. Lastly, I've updated `presets.hpp` with certain presets for `DirectedGraph`. 

More good news: I will probably not rewrite the graph library again - I am pretty comfortable with how it is used now.

I still need to work on finding cycles, and once that is done I will either focus on `UndirectedGraph` or work on BFS and SCC's.

## Last week's todo

1. ~~Testing all of `DirectedGraph`'s functions and memory model.~~
2. Testing all of `UndirectedGraph`'s functions and memory model.
3. Rewrite the entirety of `search.hpp`'s functions to be compatible with the new designs.

## Todo

1. Finish `search.hpp`'s algorithm functions (`findCycle`).
2. Test `UndirectedGraph` functions fully.

## Roadmap

A huge roadmap for sure, but most of these ~~shouldn't~~ take too long (last updated 08/07/2021)

New tasks since last week in bold (since WC.3).

* Graph operations
	- Merging
	- ~~Reversal~~
	- Minimization
* DFS derivatives
	- SCCs
	- ~~Topological sort~~
	- Cycle finding
* BFS
* Paths
	- Dijkstra
	- A-star
	- D-star
	- Bellman-ford
* Spanning Trees
	- Kruskal
	- Prim
* Misc
	- Coloring
	- Max clique
	- Max independent set
	- Max cut/min flow
	- Bipartite matching
	- Expander graphs
