# Weekly Changelog 4 (WC.4)
## Date: 15/07/2021

It's already been a month since the project started, and so far only around 10% of the project has been completed. This week has been particularly busy so there isn't much work to show for this sprint.

The most significant change is the implementation of `disjointset`. I will be using it to find components in an easier, more efficient manner in DFS and BFS. First, we create a "global" disjoint set, with vertices represented by a node in it. After a series of finding and merging, we can allocate the memory for the sets only once. Previously, I preallocated the memory and deleted if we encountered a component that already exists, which wastes time. Another thing is that we perform a merge/union operation as we explore neighbors, not when we pop the stack, and only add to the stack if the merge operation occurred. This way, we are guaranteed that the stack will not contain multiple pointers to the same vertex.

Unfortunately, motivation is starting to drop off as I'm working on a different research project. In the next "sprint", I will actually finish BFS and DFS first, then we'll see how the project goes.

## Last week's todo

1. Thorough testing of: DFS, cycle finding, topological sorting
2. BFS
3. SCC finding

## Roadmap

A huge roadmap for sure, but most of these shouldn't take too long (last updated 08/07/2021)

New tasks since last week in bold (since WC.3).

* Graph operations
	- Merging
	- ~~Reversal~~
	- Minimization
* DFS derivatives
	- SCCs
	- [!] Topological sort
	- **Cycle finding**
* BFS
* Paths
	- Dijkstra
	- A-star
	- D-star
	- Bellman-ford
* Spanning Trees
	- Kruskal
	- Prim
* Misc
	- Coloring
	- Max clique
	- Max independent set
	- Max cut/min flow
	- Bipartite matching
	- Expander graphs
