# Weekly Changelog 2 (WC.2)
## Date: 01/07/2021

I decided that inheritance truly is one of the best concepts ever adapted.

I went from having to manage over 3000 lines of code to around 1500, after realizing 50%+ of the codebase is mostly copy-pasted. Of course, this came at the cost of using templates in an ugly way (at least in my opinion). Nevertheless, I'm pretty happy with the work done this week. There's more to be done in this department. For example, I haven't decided how to handle declarations and definitions.

But wow. Planning is everything, and I certainly did not plan last week. Coding is the *last* thing to do, and I never felt this was more true this week. The amount of refactoring this code base has already gone through just shows how little I planned.

DFS is almost done. I mostly need to implement the full version for directed graphs. After that, I will be able to start implementing algorithms based on DFS - topological sorting, SCC's, finding cycles, etc.

Finally, I need to add some of the graph operations described in TAOCP (Knuth), and probably get BFS done.

Once that's done, I suppose it's time to start doing paths, in particular Dijkstra first. Either that or spanning trees, we'll see next week.

No one reads this anyways, but it is nice to have an archive of what to do, what went wrong, etc. (AGILE??) Exciting to see how far this project will go - it's all for the research experience.

## Last week's todo

1. ~~Finish dfs implementations.~~
	Done.
2. ~~Template specializations for graphs (for now, implement ints and doubles).~~
	Done. I've decided to scrap doubles (god forbid having 1.01 and 1.000001 as vertices)

## Additional Progress

1. Graph reversal (for directed graphs)

## Todo

1. Cycle finding Topological sort algorithms, SCC's
2. BFS

## Roadmap

A huge roadmap for sure, but most of these shouldn't take too long (last updated 01/07/2021)

* Graph operations
	- Merging
	- ~~Reversal~~
	- Minimization
* DFS derivatives
	- SCCs
	- Topological sort
* BFS
* Paths
	- Dijkstra
	- A-star
	- D-star
	- Bellman-ford
* Spanning Trees
	- Kruskal
	- Prim
* Misc
	- Coloring
	- Max clique
	- Max independent set
	- Max cut/min flow
	- Bipartite matching
	- Expander graphs
